Let me see who's making trouble here
Captain Zhao has worked hard
Please make a trip yourself.
Small thing haha
Who is causing trouble here?
That's them.
You're going to die.
Captain Zhao will never let you go
You guys?
Zhao Feng, what are you doing?
Brother Jiu
Style adult
They're your friends.
Lord style, what is this?
How could I know such a person?
What are you still doing?
Hurry up and kick people out for me
What are we going to do?
Let go of me let go of me
Nai Yanqiang offended me deer horn
I got you all distracted.
Wait a minute, you still have a little wink
Since you like officials so much
Then lock the two of you together
What are you doing?
Didn't you hear what Lord Jiu Ge said?
Lock them up
What do you dare me to do?
Take away
He belongs to me.
You know what you're going to do?
Ah, I see.
Xiang Xiang
You're finally okay.
Everything that happened was our fault
I'm here to apologize to you.
I'll send someone to take care of him
Now tell me your decision.
My decision
Please don't hit my child
If you want to hit you, hit me
Don't hit my mom
I didn't steal the toy.
son
You gave up on yourself.
But you remember
One must be motivated
Don't think about mom
Will I remember it for the rest of my life?
I want to be God